docs: hardhat-completion add windows troubleshooting (#5749)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: docs/src/content/hardhat-runner/docs/guides/command-line-completion.md

- Run `complete -p hh`. You should get `complete -o default -F _hh_completion hh` as the output.
- Check that your `.bashrc` has a line that loads a `__tabtab.bash` file. This is the file that in turn should load the `hh` completion.
- Check that this `__tabtab.bash` exists, and that there is a `hh.bash` file in that same directory.

### Windows user

> - The `hardhat-completion install` is not supported on Windows.
> - On Windows, the default `hh` command is associated with the HTML Help executable program (Hh.exe). To use `hardhat-completion`, you can simply run `npx hh` instead of `hh`.
> - If you want to set the `hh`command for hardhat-completion as the default on Windows, you can follow these steps:
>   1. Run the `npm config get prefix` to get the npm global packages installation location.
>   2. Add the npm location to the `Path` environment variable. For more information, refer to the [Microsoft document](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/office/developer/sharepoint-2010/ee537574(v=office.14))
>   3. You need to set the system environment variable `Path` because the `Hh.exe` is in `%SystemRoot%` environment variable.  Add the npm location to the `Path` before `%SystemRoot%`

Reviewer: Just a few suggestions

```suggestion
`hardhat-shothand` doesn't work well by default on Windows. Please read this to learn why and how to improve it.

On Windows, the default `hh` command is associated with the HTML Help executable program (hh.exe). To use `hardhat-shorthand`, you can simply run `npx hh` instead of `hh`, but that won't work well with its autocompletion.

If you want to use `hh` on Windows, you can follow these steps:

1. Run `npm config get prefix` to get the npm global packages installation location.

2. Add the npm location to the `Path` environment variable. For more information, refer to the [Microsoft document](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/office/developer/sharepoint-2010/ee537574(v=office.14))

3. Make sure to add the npm location to `Path` before `%SustemRoot%` because default `hh.exe` is in `%SystemRoot%`, and it will take precedence over `hh-shorthand` otherwise.
```
